BufferProxy 
camera
cdrom
Color
cursors
display
draw
event
examples
font
freetype
gfxdraw
image
joystick
key
locals
mask
math
midi
mixer
mouse
music
Overlay
PixelArray
pixelcopy
pygame
Rect
scrap
sndarray
sprite
Surface
surfarray
tests
time
transform
version

---

BufferProxy 
camera
cdrom
Color
cursors
## display

### pygame.display.init	—	Initialize the display module

只要在之前有`pygame.init()`，pygame.display.init就自动开启。

### pygame.display.quit	—	Uninitialize the display module

关闭整个显示模块，若程序退出，它也将自动运行。

pygame.display.get_init	—	Returns True if the display module has been initialized
pygame.display.set_mode	—	Initialize a window or screen for display
pygame.display.get_surface	—	Get a reference to the currently set display surface
pygame.display.flip	—	Update the full display Surface to the screen
pygame.display.update	—	Update portions of the screen for software displays
pygame.display.get_driver	—	Get the name of the pygame display backend
pygame.display.Info	—	Create a video display information object
pygame.display.get_wm_info	—	Get information about the current windowing system
pygame.display.list_modes	—	Get list of available fullscreen modes
pygame.display.mode_ok	—	Pick the best color depth for a display mode
pygame.display.gl_get_attribute	—	Get the value for an OpenGL flag for the current display
pygame.display.gl_set_attribute	—	Request an OpenGL display attribute for the display mode
pygame.display.get_active	—	Returns True when the display is active on the display
pygame.display.iconify	—	Iconify the display surface
pygame.display.toggle_fullscreen	—	Switch between fullscreen and windowed displays
pygame.display.set_gamma	—	Change the hardware gamma ramps
pygame.display.set_gamma_ramp	—	Change the hardware gamma ramps with a custom lookup
pygame.display.set_icon	—	Change the system image for the display window
pygame.display.set_caption	—	Set the current window caption
pygame.display.get_caption	—	Get the current window caption
pygame.display.set_palette	—	Set the display color palette for indexed displays


draw
event
examples
font
freetype
gfxdraw
image
joystick
key
locals
mask
math
midi
mixer
mouse
music
Overlay
PixelArray
pixelcopy
pygame
Rect
scrap
sndarray
sprite
Surface
surfarray
tests
time
transform
version

